# Minutes Template

- Date: 26/8/25
- Present: Chloe, Dennis, Harper, Naren, Ryan, Tri
- Absent:
- Apologies:
- Venue: Discord Call
- Minutes by: Tri
- Meeting Start: 7:30PM

## Item 1 - Internal Review of team workflow and dynamics
> **Reviewing how the team has been working with reference from the auditor meeting descriptions and the professionalism marking rubric**

### Discussion
 - The CITS3200 website is down, so nobody can open the marking rubric or descriptions
 - Dennis opened an archived version of the site to view
 - The team agreed that the team was mostly applying all aspects of the professionalism criteria, like being on track, being professional with each other, being active in meetings, and participating in discussions
 - Naren suggests that the project manager (Tri) ask for general feedback or suggestions from the group more often
 - The team discussed mentoring. Chloe stated that she frequently asks Dennis for assistance in making the frontend. 

### Actions
 - Dennis will take the minutes for tomorrow's meetings
 - Tri to more frequently ask for feedback or suggestions from the group
 - Chloe and Harper will demo the frontend to the group, and Dennis will demonstrate to the group how to do the padding and others. 
 - Chloe and Harper to push their FlutterFlow onto Github after the meeting. 
<br>

## Item 2 - Making the meeting agenda for Wednesday's meeting. 

### Discussion
 - Frontend demonstration
 - Backend demonstration
 - submissions for feedback from client

### Actions
- Naren to push his work on the pyodbc Python migration onto Github so that the team can work on it together
- The migration team to use branching and pull requests strategies when working on the pyODBC migration. Will also be used when working on the FASTAPI
- Ryan to upload entity relationship diagram to Github. 
<br>

## Meeting Closed: 8:15PM

## Next Scheduled Meeting: Wednesday 3-4PM 27/08/25 Mentor Meeting 2
