# Internal Meeting 2

- Date: 06/08/2025
- Present: Naren, Dennis, Harper, Tri, Chloe, Ryan 
- Absent: N.A
- Apologies:N.A
- Venue: EZONE Meeting Pod (In Person)
- Minutes by: Naren. Finalised by Chloe.
- Meeting Start: 4:00PM (straight after mentor meeting)

## Item 1 - Role Allocations for remainder of Sprint 1
> **Role and Task allocations to be carried throughout the rest of Sprint 1, and for future sprints**
 ### Discussion
 - Project Manager: Chloe (until end of Week 3, to give most people a chance to become Project Manager)
 - Tech Lead: Ryan 
 - Action Reinforcer: Dennis 
 - Design Lead: TBA (Not neccesary for Sprint 1)
 - Documentation Lead: TBA (Role incorporated into Project Manager Responsibilities)
 - Test Lead: TBA (Not neccesary for Sprint 1)
   
 ### Actions
 - Discussing the responsibility of each roles
 - The Tech Lead will begin reviewing documentation on data migration tools and their specifications.
   - The Project Manager will handle timesheets, administrative tasks, and organize meetings
   - Action Reinforcer will assest possible issues on a given task through evaluating whether the given evironments and both short/long-term effects. Ensuring that the critical task is maintain and red flags are adressed through the RAID file 
   - Design lead 
   - Test lead

<br>

## Item 2 - Discussion on structure of Sprint 1 deliverables, and how to complete it.
> **Check up on whether everyone is happy with the skeleton created, any comments about how we are progressing, how to improve our workflow**
 ### Discussion
 - Database migration research will be integrated into the Sprint 1 deliverables - not part of official document, but something we have to work on
 - Implementing Tri's template into Chloe's document
 - Everyone is going to do the 1st deliverables
 - Meeting on Sunday regarding the sprint 1 document
 - Sprint 1 marking criteria review
 - Having one person for each deliverables and have everyone to cross-check
 - Project acceptance test -> There are some criterias which must be checked further
 - User Story -> Create a full set of user stories and a Sprint 2 user story (Subset)

 ### Actions
 - Chloe to set-up meeting with Kevin (Wednesday)
 - Chloe to set-up Lettucemeet (Sunday Team meeting)
<br>

## Item 3 - Creation of new plan and schedule for sprint 1 deliverables
> **The group has not received a working prototype of the app with 1 week left before the deadline for sprint 1. So, need to discuss what is our plan of action**
 ### Discussion
 - Chloe -> Scope (Everyone Review)
 - Skill and Resources -> Naren (Harper Review) 
 - Risk Register -> Dennis + (Tri Review)
 - Project Acceptance -> Tri +  (Chloe Review) 
 - User Stories -> Harper (Tri Review) 
 - Scope of work -> EVERYONE (Ensure Consistency)
 - Feasibility -> Ryan (Everyone Review)
   
 ### Actions
 - Everyone should finish their work by the next meeting 
<br>

## Item 4 - Screen design with Figma
> **May have a discussion on how to begin some draft screen and interface designs using Figma. Potential role allocations for this as well?**
 ### Discussion
 - Priorities are the screen design which will be reviewed via the ppt screenshots of the prototype, should the software remains broken before sprint 1
 - Test out whether Figma screens can transform into Flutter easily - assigned to Ryan (feasibility)
 ### Actions
 - Research and fiddle with Figma to gain familiarity and improve skill gap (particularly Ryan, but everyone if have time)
 <br>

 ## Item 5 - Discussion with team mentor
> **Guidance received from team mentor on successful project delivery**
 ### Discussion
 - Refer to Meeting Minutes from Mentor Meeting: `Mentor Meeting 1.md`
### Actions
Chloe:
- Send meeting invitation for mentor meeting (3-4PM), for the rest of the mentor meetings
- Set up WhatsApp Chat group for Communication [Done]
<br>

## Item 6 - Improving Workflow
 ### Discussion 
 - Reminding the group to allocate the hours appropriately on the general task (Time estimates)
 - Allocating the task hours via looking at the current conditions 
<br>

## Action Items
Chloe
- Set-up meeting with Kevin (Wednesday) [Done]
- Set-up Lettucemeet (Sunday Team meeting) [Done]
- Send meeting invitation for mentor meeting (3-4PM), for the rest of the mentor meetings [Done]
- Set up WhatsApp Chat group for Communication [Done]

Everyone
- Work on assigned Sprint 1 Deliverables (before Sunday's team meeting)

## Closing
- Meeting Closed: 17:26
- Next Scheduled Meeting: Sunday 10th August (Online)
