# Minutes Template

- Date: 24/09/2025
- Present: Dennis, Harper, Naren, Chloe, Tri, Ryan 
- Absent:
- Apologies:
- Venue: EZONE NTH 202B 
- Minutes by: Ryan
- Meeting Start: 1600

## Item 1 - Progress check in on Backend/FastAPI integrations 
> **<Description>**
 - **Dennis:** Progress on Add Screens
 - **Ryan:** Progress on Update Screens +  Removal of user stories that we are no longer acting on, and add user stories that we have discussed, now that we know we can implement all cases and can help with all use cases.
 - **Harper:** Progess on Centred Authentication - JSON web token
 - **Chloe:** Progress on Manage View Table Screens
 - **Tri + Naren:** Progress on Github Repo Cleanup + Tidying

### Discussion
 - 

### Actions
 - 
<br>

## Item 2 - Brainstorm how separation of routes between each pages are to be executed
> **<Description>**
 - Identify strategy/model to adopt based on Kevin's feedback and suggestion in client meeting (18th Sep 25)

### Discussion
 - 

### Actions
 - 
<br>

## Item 3 - 
> **<Description>**

### Discussion
 - 
### Actions
 - 
<br>

## Meeting Closed:

## Next Scheduled Meeting:
