# Minutes Template

- Date: 27/08/25
- Present: Maureen, Chloe, Harper, Tri, Ryan, Naren, Dennis
- Absent:
- Apologies:
- Venue: EZone Meeting Pod 202C
- Minutes by: Dennis
- Meeting Start: 1500

## Item 1 - Discussion on Sprint 1 Deliverables outcome with mentor

### Discussion
 - Maureen: Discussion on Sprint 1 deliverables if they were presented to the client face to face.
 - Tri: Summarises the key takeaway/feedback given back from clients (E.g. acceptance tests not alligning with their expectations, clarification on further items that are deemed out of scope (i.e. login/password)).
 - Maureen: Query on Risk Register - regarding database schema migration changes, how has the team taken steps to mitigate risks? 
 - Tri: Essentially not at the moment, however, there are some steps during our CI/CD phase taken to reduce the chances of major structural changes.
 - Maureen: Re-emphasis on being wary and careful with sudden out of scope changes that client may introduce that can affect a successful Database migration.
 - Maureen: Query on client stakeholder who is making changes to the Database?
 - Tri: Clarified that there is only 1 stakeholder (Val).
 - Maureen: Provided advice to check in with the stakeholder directly (Val) to be up to date on any updated Database changes and not get a sudden surprise. During actual execution of DB Migrations, the team does not get any huge surprises in terms of the Database Structure provided.
 - Maureen: Liasing with stakeholder directly check in nicely with Kevin if it was possible to have direct contact with Val.

### Actions
 - 
<br>

## Item 2 - Discussion on Sprint 2 Project Deliverables (Admin/Roles and Responsibilities) with mentor

### Discussion
 - Maureen: Query on if regular meetings are scheduled with Client (Kevin)
 - Chloe: Clarification that we have a direct line of communication with stakeholder via Discord.
 - Tri: Mentions current plan/schedule to meet client during week 7, latest week 8. (Pending finishing of planned deliverables)
 - Chloe: Query on how to keep the development agile/smooth with the constant issue with database changes affecting both Frontend and Backend design.
 - Maureen: Summarise Chloe's point into splitting tasks into teams, highlighting importance of constant communication between Frontend and Backend team to increase success of app.
 - Maureen: Cautioned the division of roles and responsible between the Frontend/Backend. Ensure that there is a clear "responsible" person, in the event that either Frontend and/or Backend does fail. Who is going to take responsibility of the overall failure?
 - Maureen: Clearly define and assign a person that is responsible for the Backend design. With that, the person is then enabled to talk to the stakeholder and push for overall Sprint 2 progress.
 - Ryan: Ryan volunteers for being the responsible stakeholder for the Backend Team.
 - Maureen: Shared an example that life does happen, things changes, it's dangerous if no one on the team knows what the other key stakeholders are doing. How would someone else from the team pick up where they left of? With assigning on these responsibilities and focus on backup documentation, it mitigates this risk.

### Actions
 - 
<br>

## Item 3 - Discussion on Sprint 2 Project Deliverables (Database Migration) with mentor

### Discussion
 - Maureen: Clarification on Database end state after project finishes.
 - Maureen: Highlighted another assumption that does the client still intend to use MS Access database after project completion, even successful delivery of a Data Migration plan.
 - Chloe: Clarified that Client does intend to utilise the final project deliverable from the team, provided it's deemed applicable to the client in the end state. 

### Actions
 - Tri -> Confirmation if the client will intend to use the team's deliverable for the PostgreSQL Database Migration from MS Access. 
<br>

## Item 4 - Further Questions to Mentor

### Discussion
 - Chloe: What's a professional meeting setting like in the real world corporate environment? 
 - Maureen: Small Team/Small Budget - Team meetings are rather informal. Weekly/fortnightly interval for meetin. Weekly short summary and status report to be written and delivered across the stakeholder. (High dependendant on the scale of work and budget, which will increase the formality of these meetings)
 - Maureen: Re-emphasised that if the team has any queries, Maureen is more than happy to answer our questions via the Whatsapp Chatgroup.

### Actions
 - Maureen -> Team: Update subsequent Mentor Meeting to be on the 24th of Sep (Wednesday) 3-4PM (5-6 AEST)
<br>

## Meeting Closed: 1600

## Next Scheduled Meeting: 24/09/25 3-4PM (5-6 AEST)

